Yes, let's go, I'm wondering if you stay in a syntax that I wondered
Here it is one one one first two is to learn eye is it this is medicine Toka usage of interrogative + pain
What say meaning contains the I mean bought the Ttsu Toka say Tsu wear Toka how to
warm
The number of confirmations is another one is a syntax that comes to a stop and often appears
I'd had syntax because let's say in the video about the last time last time out may be to other syntax
There is
Together because we are sure that the Tteyuu First let's look at this question +2
Interrogative + Call
I heard the technique and translated it, for example, it should be broken, and what should I say about being two-word English ?
Or
500 after it is present and whether the parent the same as it should be after the one I went to say Uichi
It should be somewhere in the translation and weights and a good not goods and Fuuniosu should wear smoothly and that
I don't know Amber but this wind and it's 2 I wonder who should bookstore Unjo
It will come out occasionally to Tteyuu
how to this it is ho how in what should be a bookstore Furiosu After the literal translation It is a frequent NYA
It It is often translate I cormorants NYA of way
How is it actually used? It feels like wear and child with cd don
I did not know she did not know
Where should I go to wear children ? Where should I go?
Use in this kind of wind
I will
Next is the second one , let's know the nonstop and common syntax and its rewrite
First of all, it's already common in junior high school, though
It is too drunk to translate this as 2 way
For example, the I mean the other in the two-body yard to work meeting the day is this English is his
I was too tired
I couldn't work any more at work and couldn't work anymore He was too tired to work any more
It means that there was no Egi more than that
It was easier to understand that I didn't do it now . The princess is 2 translation. He's too tired to work.
I hope I did not
And you can rewrite it
Tteyuu What good or say when the books and the bookstore because it is very this Kuranaga I Nagasato Zong is the village syntax a
It is the meaning
You can get the wealth that you can not do by using the can
It is a whole other tick Don and Boaku Imotoa means that day
It seems that the keyword was very tired and the cafe was very tired
He said that he couldn't work any more, so it 's very difficult to say "Kuranagari" in this mountain.
A bookstore is meaningful, and it can be rewritten like this
Comes out may be one more expression Tteyuu this Enough
Aim to read a book in a normal group Aid enough to be able to read a book and still have a book after all
There is a meaning to do
I think this is a bit confusing, so please take a look at this beauty
If it translates directly into the treasure Hina common issue and saves it
Take a posh enough to go to school like a movie enough to do anything
He is taking a shot with enough sound enough to be cool
I I I he is feeling kind of like a good year radar went English school
And if the rewrite goes wild
If the first one can be in so Ayers and cormorant child or parent
Ie cheese and old ass and save Kobe
This will be exactly the same
Hey he
When enough to go school are taking enough year
It feels like a he I feel a good age be carried out school Tteyuu
You can also rewrite this Kuranagari too
Why scratch unlikely to be very a so book or bookstore
It is save and start Sea-chan No. He He go school in're taking a very old
Will be the same
Let's acquire the above knowledge using practice questions
First of all, it's a word that comes out today before today is this shite witch
The person who remembers it means that you are a shy person
I feel say
I 'm hoping to get on Prericher
In attempts to put No. appropriate in the past of the first most a child let's go production from showy eco I then
I do not know what to do
You know what should I do the next and then to do what I do not know how can I of i don
It is that what to do is to say that there is no
Toulouse is the answer, divided by what you should do
Aidonto Watch 2 Lou
If you do not know what to what to do then it is should be
Is this ok? Is this tool a verb with the meaning of a verb?
Then before he is Heroes patio that knows how to drive a bicycle Noah automobile
We are driving a car meeting how to Audi a So Hautu drive uh
How to Warp Purity Monster
Please use the expression of the disciple like this and get used to it by all means
First, try to rewrite the next third translate English It is a rewrite of the following from the shell to your familiar a part
The most love is a pool with headache tires my homework Gas is not
First of all this love is not Deki have I too tired headache Tired 2 Lou
It is not made of sand I failed to be have too tired
I do not have my homework
If it is not, I felt that it was springing last night. I was too tired last night and could not do my homework.
It will be said
Because it is very a when it is going to rewrite using this expectation, the creation of a book or Hoya is that
It is good to use
Roughly of the meeting 9. do my love was I'm so tired of so tire because
I'm not going to do homework I'm going to point here here in the past
and I'll be in there rather than every time to good
It is a place called
ok
Love can be rewritten Zong Nagasato is sorter Yakuzataku Dondo do my
I do not like homework Lars
Next , let's see the Funeral Committee magazine camp in
He does not sing because it is very shy it is this car this city and reverse
So he is too shy to sing and he is too shy to sing
Why I want to make it like 5 car swings by playing each time
Poo Weight It is too late to be effective and the book still ca n't do this and this ぅ and ぅ
Mast will be familiar will be rewarded also with people
Next, help 3 that ac is use enaf
This first, when literally everyone thick is enough aid why she can book and sea urchins will help me
Kind enough
I'm also good in the role of Magaso here is beautiful is better to use the I'm clean Neshita
He's holy girl kindly helped me too
Old Kawachiya to Moho Nyahonya to this a
It is often that was used when this beautiful to you by I here Alumni Association
Why c is Enaf in use and help in fact she kindly helped me
Or so it is that the rewrite Correa will use the head painted AS TO
C in the fact that be nice I use so Oh 2 I will Help Me by it refreshing
Ne
The point here is still at the time of this Enough is
Kind Ina If you try to become normal then it seems so indoor headache and the word order here for a moment
I think some people are confusing, but please be careful not to make a mistake here
Simple Neuner 2 It's like the Earth 2 of the General Assembly .
ok
Next 4 last birds are a million fathers Seoul city the t can by this
it was a place
My dad is a major rich so rich he can buy him a camber
I can do it
the this were place it is this watch
So to rewrite this using Inaf
My father sly Cheena usually par think the wind say that it is enough disagreement change
This is quite the same if you say like this
Spacey question word +2 which I questioned here is ok?
Syntax and leaving well with non-stop and after that of
I studied the opportunity or that knowledge is enough just to be summarized here
After that, if you simply memorize it, you will soon forget it
Let's actually find successive generations and practice well so that you can do it yourself with no hints